here we bought you butter all right I
made for the SCG the crew grand sees a
guy looks after all the change rooms and
make sure things in place will apply see
all this stuff in order and local my
stuff and scg obviously one of most
hallowed sporting arenas of this country
has Bobby is good enough to come down
and give us a hammer in 10 and training
camp it looks out for us and it's a it's
you know people think this to you know
there's a lot of fanfare a lot of
Hollywood that goes on at seven o'clock
then in dusty old marrickville know
what's going on here is earning myself
dynamo training / razor Angelo my coach
Bobby here that's it she's he pretty
lonely sport right place for booty I
reckon I've known Danny for actually
almost 100 years but I ran across him in
for Cricket Ground couple years ago and
he got me out here to a cup of training
sessions I reckon one of his favorite
memories was was 100 degrees in this gym
and I had his head out that window and I
kissed her back of ice water straight
over him and he and he hooked me wants
I
work Bobby g'day legends episode 4 of
Danny Green TV brought to you today by
all my friends the legends out of boost
mobile today we'll work on a few
different things inspiring would only
give too much away because San Diego's
you know probably watching this and get
a few tips but really just want to do a
bit of enclosed work and it was a little
bit flat because the training works been
been pretty tough so you can't always be
at the top of your guy but you know
Darnell was working me goodies he's
coming with some good shots he's working
a lot of angles which is you know I'm
going to need to be prepared for for
Santiago and he's a tricky going he's
got a good chin so he's great sparring
his good fella and yeah we've got a long
way to go i hope you enjoying this and
show me a mike's done be sure to pass it
on to your friends out there and thanks
for the great comments were receiving
really appreciate well last episode you
might have seen done i was a bit big
wild a bit woolly and he'd been looking
for a barbarian as you can see check
this out nicely cleanly shaven look
sweet google commanders blood takes a
header it's a very good-looking man very
sharp man under all that cheap hair so
where did you get the cut make what
happen i got it from red color street
from our hotel room the lady didn't
paint that convenient
look sharp shop you want to forget the
cheesy I'll just take care of the rest
you mr. bean ah no no we gotta keep that
that's my mojo right there my shave and
take that much away from me